# ADV-2cls-Task

## Deepfake Adversarial Attack

2020 

- Gandhi, Apurva, and Shomik Jain. **"Adversarial perturbations fool deepfake detectors."** 2020 International joint conference on neural networks (IJCNN). IEEE, 2020.

- Carlini, Nicholas, and Hany Farid. **"Evading deepfake-image detectors with white-and black-box attacks."** Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF conference on computer vision and pattern recognition workshops. 2020.

2021

- Liao, Quanyu, et al. **"Imperceptible adversarial examples for fake image detection."** arXiv preprint arXiv:2106.01615 (2021).

- Neekhara, Paarth, et al. **"Adversarial threats to deepfake detection: A practical perspective."** Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF conference on computer vision and pattern recognition. 2021.

- Fan, Li, Wei Li, and Xiaohui Cui. **"Deepfake-image anti-forensics with adversarial examples attacks."** Future Internet 13.11 (2021): 288.

2022

- Shahriyar, Shaikh Akib, and Matthew Wright. **"Evaluating robustness of sequence-based deepfake detector models by adversarial perturbation."** Proceedings of the 1st Workshop on Security Implications of Deepfakes and Cheapfakes. 2022.

2023

- Hou, Yang, et al. **"Evading deepfake detectors via adversarial statistical consistency."** Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition. 2023.

- Liu, Chi, et al. **"Making DeepFakes more spurious: evading deep face forgery detection via trace removal attack."** IEEE Transactions on Dependable and Secure Computing (2023).

- Wang, Weijie, et al. **"Turn Fake into Real: Adversarial Head Turn Attacks Against Deepfake Detection."** arXiv preprint arXiv:2309.01104 (2023).

- Ivanovska, Marija, and Vitomir Struc. **"On the vulnerability of deepfake detectors to attacks generated by denoising diffusion models."** Proceedings of the IEEE/CVF Winter Conference on Applications of Computer Vision. 2024.

- Meng, Xiangtao, et al. **"AVA: Inconspicuous Attribute Variation-based Adversarial Attack bypassing DeepFake Detection."** arXiv preprint arXiv:2312.08675 (2023).



